we're checking out the Liberty two
errors from sound corn this video was
sponsored by sound course you can check
them out at the link in the video
description they build these as kind of
earpods competitors but at a lower price
and the lower price part checks out I've
fired these up on Amazon and they were
marked $20 down from an MSRP of a
hundred US dollars making them about 80
US dollars and as far as the tech built
into them goes that's looking pretty
good for the price so they've got
diamond coated drivers whatever that
means they've got two microphones pert
earbud so for uplink noise cancellation
they've got IP x5 water resistance so
you should be able to sweat with them in
and they feature seven hours of play
time in the earbuds themselves with a
total of 28 hours with the charging case
and this is a really nice feature to
have now they've got wireless charging
in the case as well I really didn't
think it was gonna bother me that much
and then I went to a pair of wireless
earphones that did not have wireless
charging built into the case and it was
like oh yeah this really isn't as good
I'm gonna fire these in here so they're
supposed to get about two hours of
playback time off of just a 10 minute
charge so it's not charged out of the
box then that should give me enough to
do the video here and they're preloaded
with the medium ear tips actually that
means I'm probably gonna have to swap
them out right away I'm kind of small
ear canals alright let's see what it
feels like
[Music]
okay small it is last thing here is a
charging cable just in case you still
plugging in to charge type C really nice
to see get it really nice to see on the
bottom we've got a pairing button and
then that's like pretty much it they're
about as earpods lake is you could
expect them to be without being like a
you know a cheap knockoff right for size
comparison i brought along my regular
air pods as well as a pair of ear pods
pros so you can see they're about the
width of the air pods pros but they are
a little bit thicker and they're
actually a little bit taller as well of
course the most important thing for me
is not necessarily the raw size but
whether they fit in the useless pocket
it's a little tight does get in there
though that's a good finish they've got
on the top it's kind of matte feeling
but it's not so grippy that it's a real
challenge to slide in and out of the
pocket there especially out because I
find the way that I generally get it oh
is I kind of squeeze it out like a tube
of toothpaste
so nothing quite matches the air pods in
this regard you can see they really pop
out quite easily but that's also
respectable now let's look at the
earbuds themselves so we've got our
Liberty air two's ear pods pros and
regular air pods so they're definitely
gonna hang out of your ear canals kind
of like the regular air pods do they're
a little bit on the thicker side and
thic see that size difference is a
disadvantage compared to air pods but
what helps with the snugness of the fit
is the fact that they've at least got
different sizes of silicone tips that
you can use to make sure that it fits in
alright so I find that neither of them
are gonna come flying out even with a
head shake test one other thing that's
really noticeable is of course the
difference in sound isolation so the air
pods because they don't seal in your ear
offer almost none you got to move up to
the pros for that which of course means
you're spending quite a lot more it's
got a bit of a hollow err
that close sound but nice magnetic
mechanism not that not bad give it a
b-plus okay
update firmware you know when I was a
kid we didn't have firmware updates when
you bought something gosh darn it you
were stuck with whatever broken piece of
garbage they sent you all right we do it
so that's our battery life here in the
app here's our equalizer settings and
this actually test your hearing and then
adjusts the EQ according to your hearing
okay so you hold the button and you can
hear the sound and release it when you
stop hearing the sound okay so try it
with and without this thing I like it
better like this interesting why that's
it that's all you got for me
Nilla noise cancellation so by default
hold is voice assistant or I guess you
can change it to whatever you want here
but I will say the noise isolation is
quite strong there closed-back im's and
they seal pretty well with the ear so
hearing what's around me is pretty
difficult with them in now I'm gonna
turn off your personalization here and
I'm gonna just put it on a flat EQ I
want to hear what they sound like out of
the box wow these things are friggin
loud I would listen to them at the very
very bottom if you like shaking your
skull within years these are gonna be
right up your alley
well the flat sound signature is true to
its words very flat not too sparkly in
the highs not overdone with the bass the
default sound signature pumps the bass a
little bit but really not a ton oh wow
you can pick different professional ones
this is really cool my note 9 has a
feature where I can actually have two
Bluetooth sound devices active at one so
this allows me to fairly easily
listen to both at the same time
definitely less isolation than active
noise cancellation but I would expect
that but compared to just a regular air
pod I mean it's nice day you're that
good ghost in mama
oh that's something that changes in the
default sound core signature instead of
being quite as flat it pulls vocals up a
little bit kind of like what the air
pods will do out of the box some more
apples to apple comparison for sure I
think out of the box it's fair to say
they have comparable sound quality to
something like air pods or even air pods
pros but what's really nice is that if
you get into the custom EQ unlike those
Sennheiser's that I checked out recently
they've got this just very intuitive
interface that's super easy to use to
create your own custom EQ clearly my
kids need me to go pay attention to them
now so thanks for checking out this look
at the Liberty r2 so again this is
sponsored by sound Corps and you can
check them out at the link in the video
description if that that doesn't go in
there